docs: shorten the GitHub repo readme and move content into the docs (#34)
meshcloud/collie-hub: docs/README.md

# add a cloud foundation connecting your platforms
collie foundation new "my-foundation"

> # import a read-to-use infrastructure as code module implemeneting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# import a ready-to-use infrastructure as code module implementing
```
